Hey there! If you've stumbled upon this, it means you're checking me out. I'm flattered.

My name is Zach Varga. I'm a front end dev from Colorado Springs, CO. After spending all my time working a 9-5 honing my skills the last 5 years, I'm now finally building my own site. It'll take some time to look "finished", but I do hope that you find what you're looking for. If you need to get in touch, I can be reached at me@varga.design.

This objective of this site is currently to serve as an online resume. Eventually, I'll get around to adding official portfolio items to it. But for now, the only "portfolio" item would be the site itself.

The concept of the website took inspiration from Shopify Liquid code. I wanted the base pages, such as the typical index.html-type pages, to be very clean. To achieve this, I used sections hosted in separate html pages to fill the content, and then simply link to those from the base html pages. This was done with a javascript load function using id's to reference to what pages I wanted to load. Overall, I've been happy with the functionality of the site -- its simple, but at least I tried something new and its not generic.
One issue I have run into, though, is that I can't test local code to check js features or style changes because of this specific framework I have. Either I'll need to find a way to generate a local testing server, or to revert back to vanilla html-style structure. If you're reading this and have any ideas on how to fix it, please let me know! I'm always wanting to grow and learn from people who are better at this than I am. 
